How to get used by men 101 hurts to
number one. Keep explaining instead of
enforcing. You think if you just
understands your feelings, he would
change. But men don't respect what they
understand. They respect what has
consequences. Number two, be his safe
place while he is your chaos. You calm
him down when he's angry, comfort him
when he's distant, and convince him that
you will stay no matter what he does,
how much money he has, and how much
effort he puts into this relationship.
Keep convincing yourself that's love. A
little side note, it's self-abandonment.
Number three, reward effort that never
lasts. He shows up one day, disappears
the other, but you keep treating that
one good day like progress. What you
actually are doing is training him to
give less each time. Number four,
mistake silence for peace. Stop speaking
up. Keep the wipe. The more you silence
yourself, the less problems you have.
And number five, give softness without
safety. Keep pouring care and love into
a man that hasn't even earned your trust
yet. You call it connection, but deep
down you know care without protection
will always end up in regrets. Ladies,
you can't heal in the same place that
profits from your brokenness. And as
always, if you want to know how to spot
the real provider man and inspire him to
truly invest in you, download my ebook,
The Queen Treatment. Link in bio.